# Artemis-Financial-Practices-for-Secure-Software-Report

 Artemis Financial is an international finance company looking to add software security to its current systems. They require secure cryptographic communication, i.e., SSL. Deploy cipher for cryptographic hashing algorithm, which can be demonstrated with checksum verification. Secondary testing of code base dependencies with a static checker. Finally, a functional review of the code base for errors and insecurities.

I believe I was able to implement all the features that the client had requested quickly and efficiently. I think I was less attuned to the function testing and identification of certain vulnerabilities. The software security that I have implemented will help protect client data and allow other developers to build upon my work and help them develop and implement new features and refactored code that is safe and secure. The multifaceted approach to software security helps to ensure that there is no single point of failure and adds robustness and resilience to the application.

This was a great step in an effort to secure Artemis Financal’s application, but it is only a step. The cost of software security is vigilance, being up to date, and always looking for new threats. If I were involved in this as a long-term project, features that I would want to implement would be a sign-in mechanism that is secure and also adds verification of who is logging in, such as Passkeys. Type checking on all inputs and error handling. An automated test suite for error checking and static checking for dependency vulnerabilities.
